Avoid Ember array extension methods (#35673)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn/tools_and_testing/client-side_javascript_frameworks/ember_conditional_footer/index.md

   ```js
   get incomplete() {
     return this.todos.filter((todo) => !todo.isCompleted);
   }
   ```

>    Using Javascript's `filter()` method, we're able to easily filter Objects in our array based on simple equals conditions. Here we're asking for all the todo items where the `isCompleted` property is equal to `false`, and because `isCompleted` is `@tracked` in our `Todo` object, this getter will re-compute when the value changes on an Object in the array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Using the [`filter()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/filter) method, we're asking for all the todo items where the `isCompleted` property is equal to `false`, and because `isCompleted` is `@tracked` in our `Todo` object, this getter will re-compute when the value changes on an Object in the array.
```
